site_content/blog/some-entry.md, before:

+++
title = "Some Blog Entry"
tags = ["some tag", "some other tag"]
slug = "florp"
updated_at = "2020-01-01T00:00:00Z"
+++

# It's a header
It's some stuff under a header

## Ooh a smaller header
Neat[^1]

This has some `code`
```rust
fn its_rust() -> i32 {
    5
}
```

Let's try a ~~tlable~~ ~~talbal~~ ~~trambampoline~~ table

|column 1|column 2|
|--------|--------|
|value 1|value 2|
|value 3|value 4|

This text has to be long enough to test out the footnotes. Also I want a line long enough that it has to wrap around. I'll have to type some more stuff to get that to happen. Ok I think that should be long enough.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaah

aah

ah


Here is more stuff

# Oh headers are big
# They take up more space
# This is a big header
# Yay for headers

How about an unordered list:
* an item
* another item

And an ordered list:
1. this is first
1. and this is second

And a link: [home](/)

Ok I think it'll be long enough if I add more headers

# Ooooo
## Ooooo
### Ooooo
#### Ooooo
##### Ooooo
###### Ooooo
####### Ooooo

Whoops I guess there are only 6 levels of header
# Ooo

[^1]: This is a footnote

Commit message:

Add about page and theme toggle (#5)
* Allow toggling between light and dark themes

* Made light mode background slightly darker

* Make dark mode background slightly lighter

* Make nav bar a little thinner

* Adjust nav link padding

* Add about page and mess with style

* Move font files into their own directory

* Animate transition between light and dark themes

* Move theme toggle to nav bar

* Mess with style more

* Mess with style even more

* More messin with styles

* Remove some commented-out stuff

site_content/blog/some-entry.md, after:

+++
title = "Some Blog Entry"
tags = ["some tag", "some other tag"]
slug = "florp"
updated_at = "2020-01-01T00:00:00Z"
+++

Most blog entries probably won't start with a header so here's some text.

# It's a header
It's some stuff under a header

## Ooh a smaller header
Neat[^1]

This has some `code`
```rust
fn its_rust() -> i32 {
    5
}
```

Let's try a ~~tlable~~ ~~talbal~~ ~~trambampoline~~ table

|column 1|column 2|
|--------|--------|
|value 1|value 2|
|value 3|value 4|

This text has to be long enough to test out the footnotes. Also I want a line long enough that it has to wrap around. I'll have to type some more stuff to get that to happen. Ok I think that should be long enough. But it should be even longer so it's more than just a couple of lines. I'm not sure this is long enough yet, so I'm going to keep adding words. I'm not sure what to put, so I'll just put that I don't know what to say. There, that might be enough. One more sentence for good measure.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaah

aah

ah


Here is more stuff

# Oh headers are big
# They take up more space
# This is a big header
# Yay for headers

How about an unordered list:
* an item
* another item

And an ordered list:
1. this is first
1. and this is second

And a link: [home](/)

Ok I think it'll be long enough if I add more headers

# Ooooo
## Ooooo
### Ooooo
#### Ooooo
##### Ooooo
###### Ooooo
####### Ooooo

Whoops I guess there are only 6 levels of header
# Ooo

[^1]: This is a footnote
